README.md, before:

# Label Generation Utility for Free Ride

Utility for generating bike number labels. 

After labels are printed, they are confirmed to ensure those numbers are not generated again for the next printing. 

## Installation

Run the setup script 

    rake setup

## Usage

Run the utility from the comand line:

    bundle exec script/app

## Basic workflow

### Verify that the highest number confirmed is correct

Command:

    bundle exec script/app current_max_number

### Generate a PDF of the next pages of labels

* See the example For when 10 pages are generated

Example command:

    bundle exec script/app gen_pages 10


### Print the PDF on label stock

* Use manual feed for the label stock
* Troubleshoot any printing problems
    * Re-print specific pages from the PDF if necessary

### Confirm the highest number that was printed

* Update the database to keep track
* See the example for when the max number printed was 1529:

Example command:

    bundle exec script/app confirm_max_used 1529


### Delete the PDF after printing is confirmed

* Once a label has been printed for a number, that label should never be printed again

Commit message:

instructions to configure the database during installation

README.md, after:

# Label Generation Utility for Free Ride

Utility for generating bike number labels. 

After labels are printed, they are confirmed to ensure those numbers are not generated again for the next printing. 

## Installation

Run the setup task

    rake setup

* Configure database settings 
  * Edit the config/database.rb file with correct parameters

Run the database migrate task

    rake db:migrate

## Usage

Run the utility from the comand line:

    bundle exec script/app

## Basic workflow

### Verify that the highest number confirmed is correct

Command:

    bundle exec script/app current_max_number

### Generate a PDF of the next pages of labels

* See the example For when 10 pages are generated

Example command:

    bundle exec script/app gen_pages 10


### Print the PDF on label stock

* Use manual feed for the label stock
* Troubleshoot any printing problems
    * Re-print specific pages from the PDF if necessary

### Confirm the highest number that was printed

* Update the database to keep track
* See the example for when the max number printed was 1529:

Example command:

    bundle exec script/app confirm_max_used 1529


### Delete the PDF after printing is confirmed

* Once a label has been printed for a number, that label should never be printed again
